README.md, before:

# ambari-elasticsearch-service (For Ambari Version>2.1 and Elasticsearch Version=1.7.1)
Ambari Elasticsearch Service / Custom Stack will allow you to install and manage Elasticsearch via Ambari.
To use simply download and copy the stack contents to:
/var/lib/ambari-server/resources/stacks/HDP/${hdp.version}/services/ELASTICSEARCH/

On Ambari server, restart Ambari server service (sudo service restart ambari-server), once restarted you should see the new service in the list of services that can be installed.

For more detailed instructions on working with custom services please refer to: https://github.com/Symantec/ambari-cassandra-service

# Contributions
Prior to receiving information from any contributor, Symantec requires that all contributors complete, sign, and submit Symantec Personal Contributor Agreement (SPCA). The purpose of the SPCA is to clearly define the terms under which intellectual property has been contributed to the project and thereby allow Symantec to defend the project should there be a legal dispute regarding the software at some future time. A signed SPCA is required to be on file before an individual is given commit privileges to the Symantec open source project. Please note that the privilege to commit to the project is conditional and may be revoked by Symantec.

If you are employed by a corporation, a Symantec Corporate Contributor Agreement (SCCA) is also required before you may contribute to the project. If you are employed by a company, you may have signed an employment agreement that assigns intellectual property ownership in certain of your ideas or code to your company. We require a SCCA to make sure that the intellectual property in your contribution is clearly contributed to the Symantec open source project, even if that intellectual property had previously been assigned by you.

Please complete the SPCA and, if required, the SCCA and return to Symantec at:

Symantec Corporation Legal Department Attention: Product Legal Support Team 350 Ellis Street Mountain View, CA 94043

Please be sure to keep a signed copy for your records.


# License
Copyright 2016 Symantec Corporation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the “License”); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add System Requirements to README

README.md, after:

# ambari-elasticsearch-service (For Ambari Version>2.1 and Elasticsearch Version=1.7.1)
Ambari Elasticsearch Service / Custom Stack will allow you to install and manage Elasticsearch via Ambari.
To use simply download and copy the stack contents to:
/var/lib/ambari-server/resources/stacks/HDP/${hdp.version}/services/ELASTICSEARCH/

On Ambari server, restart Ambari server service (sudo service restart ambari-server), once restarted you should see the new service in the list of services that can be installed.

For more detailed instructions on working with custom services please refer to: https://github.com/Symantec/ambari-cassandra-service

## System Requirements

Prior to deploying the Ambari Elasticsearch Service, there are specific operating system configuration changes needed for Elasticsearch to run properly.

When configuring Elasticsearch to bind to a non-loopback address, Elasticsearch will perform additional system checks called "bootstrap checks".  If these bootstrap checks fail, Elasticsearch will shutdown.  You can read more about those checks here: <https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/bootstrap-checks.html>

### /etc/security/limits.conf

Modify */etc/security/limits.conf* to include the following settings:

```
elasticsearch    -       nofile         65536
elasticsearch    -       nproc          2048
elasticsearch    -       memlock        unlimited
```

NOTE: This assumes that elasticsearch is the user configured to run Elasticsearch via the Ambari configuration.

### /etc/sysctl.conf

Modify */etc/sysctl.conf* to include the following settings:

```
# Controls mmap counts
vm.max_map_count = 262144
```

You can read more about Elasticsearch configuration settings here: <https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/system-config.html>

# Contributions
Prior to receiving information from any contributor, Symantec requires that all contributors complete, sign, and submit Symantec Personal Contributor Agreement (SPCA). The purpose of the SPCA is to clearly define the terms under which intellectual property has been contributed to the project and thereby allow Symantec to defend the project should there be a legal dispute regarding the software at some future time. A signed SPCA is required to be on file before an individual is given commit privileges to the Symantec open source project. Please note that the privilege to commit to the project is conditional and may be revoked by Symantec.

If you are employed by a corporation, a Symantec Corporate Contributor Agreement (SCCA) is also required before you may contribute to the project. If you are employed by a company, you may have signed an employment agreement that assigns intellectual property ownership in certain of your ideas or code to your company. We require a SCCA to make sure that the intellectual property in your contribution is clearly contributed to the Symantec open source project, even if that intellectual property had previously been assigned by you.

Please complete the SPCA and, if required, the SCCA and return to Symantec at:

Symantec Corporation Legal Department Attention: Product Legal Support Team 350 Ellis Street Mountain View, CA 94043

Please be sure to keep a signed copy for your records.


# License
Copyright 2016 Symantec Corporation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the “License”); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
